amber this is your car and this is what
daddy's done to it well you're the one
who did that
boys cut that off are not touching you
I'm not get a good mood right now at all
well are you recording sound so amber
this is ridiculous now they don't listen
it's funny did you see jumping jumping
up and down
surely we could lift it an inch
Johnson put it in neutral and mean you
try lifting that and your mama this over
here hit that what I said 10 minutes ago
just try it just enough to get it back a
little she's inside
y'all don't step on that cam huh it's
why that
Edward following nobody that a
successful
strong throw
I'm not only not pulling anything it
will pull for the car off yeah that's it
ain't doing it yes nasty
or if this tire was able to pitch this
time yes
yeah but the Jeep would get stuck behind
it try that and tie right meant like you
were saying Jonathan uh because his son
so damned if you think if we go this
time here because it's not that best
rock we got it where if you catch on
something that that was stuck I know but
this one would not have enough power to
get that one out this is solid over here
whatever I do I camp we're gonna have to
go anyway
who sells good rope total fucking I
don't think a rope stone villa honey I
understood don't have to keep digging
like you're doing that's the safest way
Lord she's got a hoop that year I don't
have a hook on the Jews you do in the
back no I don't
I thought the deep end her too
yes
you did
this is like here suckin yes it's didn't
get tired yeah
okay let's go get that job on the moon
comes out
cut cut core of him
we're luck what time to ever come back
tomorrow wow that's why we're going love
worried it cheap and try to get a whole
somebody could
she had a good time
she almost passed out Robin Bostick
all babies getting low redneck Saturday
night
we go get a chain or something that we
don't have flash lab there's no Matt